# ReadMe-Generator


     
 ## Table of Contents 

- [Description](#Description)

- [Installation](##Installation)

- [Information](##Information)

- [Contribute](##Contribute)

- [Testing](##Testing)

- [Contribute](##Contribute)

- [Licensing](###Licensing)
         
    
 ## Description:
    
A GitHub profile is an extremely important aspect of a developer's public identity. You can show off your work to other developers, thus becoming an active part of a dynamic and fluid community. Most importantly, a good README.md file can be seen by potential employers! With this in mind, ReadMe-Generator is an application developed using pure JavaScript and Node.js. The application will prompt the user with a series of questions that are important for any GitHub repository, including a description, table of contents, licensing information, instructions for use, ways to contribute, and ways to test out the application.

    
 ## Installation      
    
 To run ReadMe-Generator, clone this repository onto your machine. Then, install it into a file on your computer. ReadMe-Generator comes with gitignore so you don't have to install unnecessary items. Once you've got that going, open up your IDE (such as VS Code), and navigate to the application's folder. If you don't already have it, make sure you have Node.js, since ReadMe-Generator uses Node.js.

    
 ## Information
    
 ReadMe-Generator is a CLI application, meant to be generated by the user through the command line. Once you are in your JavaScript file, make sure to open the integrated terminal for that file. Once you've got that squared away, then you can begin to use the Node.js element of the application. Moreover, it takes the data from the questions prompted and places them into a generateMarkdown.js, which will then generate the README.md markdown in a new document. ReadMe-Generator uses the 'inquirer', which can be accessed in npm and installed using node file name.js, then running npm i inquirer. You can input a variety of questions and things from the inquirer page on npm. For this application, we are taking a loop of questions and modifying them to make a list of things important to every good ReadMe. You can see the prompts display in the terminal. Once you answer your questions, you will be asked at the end whether or not these are acceptable to you (you will be prompted on things ranging from credits and how to contribute, etc.) A good thing about the ReadMe-Generator is that it provides you with a list of the most popular licensing types for your project. Once you've answered all of your prompts and decided that you are happy with the README.md file that will be generated, you will then click enter. After this, your README will be generated

    
 ## Email
    
 Yes

    
 ## GitHub
    
 https://github.com/preussenfahrer
          
    
 ## Contribute
    
 Community leaders will follow these Community Impact Guidelines in determining the consequences for any action they deem in violation of this Code of Conduct: Community Impact: Use of inappropriate language or other behavior deemed unprofessional or unwelcome in the community. Consequence: A private, written warning from community leaders, providing clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the behavior was inappropriate. A public apology may be requested. This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage], version 2.0, available at [https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/0/code_of_conduct.html][v2.0].
    
   
 ## Testing
    
 N/A
    
   
 ## Licensing
    
 Public Domain
    
   
 ## Confirmation
    
 Yes 
  